docs: call out coder/skills setup skill on install and quickstart pages (#25194)
coder/coder: docs/install/index.md

configure your first Coder deployment, follow the
[quickstart guide](../tutorials/quickstart.md).

> [!TIP]

> > If you use a coding agent like Claude Code, the [coder/skills](https://github.com/coder/skills) `setup` skill can walk it through installing and bootstrapping a Coder deployment end-to-end.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you use a coding agent like Claude Code, the [coder/skills](https://github.com/coder/skills) `setup` skill can train the coding agent to install and bootstrap a Coder deployment end-to-end.
```
